✨(frontend) Allow download of training contracts (#2358)
openfun/richie: CHANGELOG.md

## Fixed

> - Downloaded contract archive on product page was broken, it now work
>   propertly by sending the course_product_relation_id in the archive 
>   creation request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Downloaded contract archive on product page was broken, it now works
  properly by sending the course_product_relation_id in the archive 
  creation request.
```
